Your current wife
I am his biological mother
How dare you ask someone to hit me?
You now know that I am your biological daughter
It's late.
Hey, you, you, you, you white-eyed wolf.
How can you be worthy of the two of us?
You, you gave birth to me and raised me
But you're going to sell me when I get married
I'm just a tool for your marriage
I have already paid off all these years of kindness
Everything I have now
It's all worked out by myself bit by bit
What does it have to do with you?
You're just using me to court the powerful
So today I made a clean break with the Shen family
You dead girl
Don't think you've climbed a high branch
Just want to get rid of us
I'll do my best.
The best thing in the world with Yunwei
And you Shen family
Jinke went bankrupt
Order to go down
bankrupt
It belongs to this adult
I'm not a daughter.
Hurry up hurry up
Hurry up and help your parents, hurry up and talk about it
You think you are the heart of your parents
Tell him.
Beg him to hurry up
Mother from childhood to adulthood
So good to take care of you
Please ask for mercy
Jincheng or
Forget it this time
Leave them alone.
Look at Yunwei's face
I'll spare you for once
Dare to die next time
Okay, okay.
OK, you make an appointment.
Brother Jincheng
Do you really not like me at all?
Yuer, you are still young
I just can't tell what worship is
What is like?
I believe that in the future
You will definitely meet someone you like
I can tell
That's not worship.
I really like you.
Yu'er, since Lord War God has a sweetheart
Let's not disturb him
Let's go back
Brother Jincheng
Zhou Yuer is not an ungrateful person either
You were lost back then
Western medicine royal treasures paid by the emperor
Only then was expelled from the longan position
Now I have found the Golden Tiger Talisman
For you.
Hope you can return to the longan position soon.